Miss Jiang, I am George
Joe Lifetime
Director of the provincial hospital
Yeah, it was me.
Everybody knows that.
Although Dr. Ding is skilled in medicine
But he has quit
We can't do that anymore.
Grandpa invited Dr. Cao to see you
It's already pretty good.
Thank you, grandpa, my illness is cured.
而且真的是听医生救的
我还见过他本人
哈哈哈哈哈
小意思看来他们是不信呢
You tell them.
My master is indeed an artistic climax
But also misdiagnosed and caused accidents to patients
Later, his old man returned it.
It's been 15 years now.
During this period, countless people have looked for him
But they are all regarded as absolute by me
No one else can please
Do you want me please
Brat, you take my old man for a fool
How dare you lie to your face?
Who said he lied?